# Typescript Tasks

- task_0/js/main.ts: a script that writes an interface named Student that accepts the following elements: firstName(string), lastName(string), age(number), and location(string).
- task_1/js/main.ts: a script that modifies the attributes firstName(string) and lastName(string) only when a Teacher is first initialized, fullTimeEmployee(boolean) attribute is always defined, yearsOfExperience(number) attribute is optional, location(string) attribute is always defined and has the possibility to add any attribute to the Object like contract(boolean) without specifying the name of the attribute.
- task_1/js/main.ts:a script that writes an interface named Directors that extends Teacher. It requires an attribute named numberOfReports(number).
- task_1/js/main.ts: a script that writes a function printTeacher that accepts two arguments firstName and lastName. It returns the first letter of the firstName and the full lastName. Also writes an interface for the function named printTeacherFunction.
- task_1/js/main.ts: a script that writes a Class named StudentClass whose constructor accepts firstName(string) and lastName(string) arguments, and the class has a method named workOnHomework that return the string Currently working and a method named displayName. It returns the firstName of the student.
- task_2/js/main.ts: a script that creates the DirectorInterface interface, TeacherInterface interface, a class Director that will implement DirectorInterface, a class Teacher that will implement TeacherInterface, and a function createEmployee.
- task_2/js/main.ts: a script that contains a function isDirector, and a function executeWork.
- task_2/js/main.ts: a script that has a String literal type named Subjects that allows a variable to have the value Math or History only, and a function named teachClass.
- task_3/js/interfaces.ts: a script that exports a type RowID and set it equal to number, exports an interface RowElement.
- task_3/js/crud.d.ts: an ambient file that exports the type declarations for each crud function, imports RowID and RowElement from task_3/js/interfaces.ts.
- task_3/js/main.ts: a script that imports the RowID type and RowElement from task_3/js/interfaces.ts and everything from task_3/js/crud.js as CRUD. It also creates an object called row with the type RowElement with the fields set.
- task_4/js/subjects/Teacher.ts: a script that exports a Teacher interface in a namespace named Subjects.
- task_4/js/subjects/Subject.ts: a script that exports a Subject class in a namespace named Subjects. The class has one attribute teacher that implements the Teacher interface. The class has one setter method setTeacher that accepts a teacher in argument (and as setter, set the instance attribute teacher with it).
- task_4/js/subjects/Cpp.ts: a script that, using declaration merging, adds a new optional attribute experienceTeachingC (number) to the Teacher interface in a namespace named Subjects, exports a class Cpp extending from Subject in a namespace named Subjects.
- task_4/js/subjects/React.ts: a script that exports a React class in a namespace named Subjects, adds a new attribute experienceTeachingReact? (number) to the Teacher interface and in the class, writes a method named getRequirements that will return a string.
- task_4/js/subjects/Java.ts: a script that exports a Java class in a namespace named Subjects and adds a new attribute experienceTeachingJava? (number) to the Teacher interface. In the class, there is a method named getRequirements that will return a string.
- task_4/js/main.ts: a script that creates and exports a constant cpp for Cpp Subjects, a constant java for Java Subjects, a constant react for React Subjects and one Teacher object cTeacher with experienceTeachingC = 10. For Cpp subject, logs to the console C++, sets cTeacher as the teacher, calls the two methods getRequirements and getAvailableTeacher and prints the strings they return. For Java subject, logs to the console Java, set cTeacher as the teacher, calls the two methods getRequirements and getAvailableTeacher, and prints the strings they return. For React subject, logs to the console React, sets cTeacher as the teacher, calls the two methods getRequirements and getAvailableTeacher, and prints the strings they return.
- task_5/js/main.ts: a script that creates two interfaces MajorCredits and MinorCredits, creates two functions named sumMajorCredits and sumMinorCredits where each function takes two arguments subject1 and subject2, sumMajorCredits returns MajorCredits value and sumMinorCredits returns MinorCredits value and each function sums the credits of the two subjects.
